---
external help file: Bicep-help.xml
Module Name: Bicep
online version:
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Restore-Bicep

## SYNOPSIS
Restores external modules from the specified Bicep file to the local module cache.

## SYNTAX

```
Restore-Bicep [-Path] <String> [-ProgressAction <ActionPreference>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Restores all external modules referenced in the .bicep file to the local module cache.
Modules from an ACR bicep registry is stored under '%USERPROFILE%\.bicep\br' and template spec modules '%USERPROFILE%\.bicep\ts'.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```
Restore-Bicep -Path .\main.bicep
```

Restores all external modules used in main.bicep to the local module cache.

## PARAMETERS

### -Path
Bicep file to restore.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ProgressAction
Determines how PowerShell responds to progress updates generated by a script, cmdlet, or provider, such as the progress bars generated by the Write-Progress cmdlet. The Write-Progress cmdlet creates progress bars that show a command's status. The ProgressAction parameter was added in PowerShell 7.4.

The ProgressAction parameter takes one of the ActionPreference enumeration values: SilentlyContinue, Stop, Continue, Inquire, Ignore, Suspend, or Break.

```yaml
Type: ActionPreference
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: proga

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None
## OUTPUTS

### System.Object
## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS
