---
external help file: Bicep-help.xml
Module Name: Bicep
online version:
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Update-BicepTypes

## SYNOPSIS
Update Bicep Types data

## SYNTAX

```
Update-BicepTypes [-ProgressAction <ActionPreference>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Update-BicepTypes is a command to update the Bicep Types data used by command Get-BicepApiReference

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Update Bicep types data
```
Update-BicepTypes
```

This command fetches the latest types information and saves it to the modules Asset folder.

## PARAMETERS

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ProgressAction
Determines how PowerShell responds to progress updates generated by a script, cmdlet, or provider, such as the progress bars generated by the Write-Progress cmdlet. The Write-Progress cmdlet creates progress bars that show a command's status. The ProgressAction parameter was added in PowerShell 7.4.

The ProgressAction parameter takes one of the ActionPreference enumeration values: SilentlyContinue, Stop, Continue, Inquire, Ignore, Suspend, or Break.

```yaml
Type: ActionPreference
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: proga

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None
## OUTPUTS

### System.Object
## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS
